Montana Scouting Report Form Request


Performance:


Rating (0 out of 4)

-----------------------------

Game Information:


"Game Difficulty" drop down options (Normal/Difficult/Very Difficult)

--------------------


Drop-down selection for "*Center Referee"* should contain the following
options:

(not applicable-0 /below expectation-1 /average-2 /above expectation-3
/excellent-4)



   1. Match Control (category header)
      1. Recognition of fouls (enter rating)
      2. Recognition of cautionable offenses: players (enter rating)
      3. Recognition of warnings/cautionable offenses: coaches (enter
      rating)
      4. Recognition of persistent offenses (enter rating)
      5. Use of advantage (enter rating)
      6. Management of mass confrontations (enter rating)
   2. Interaction with participants
      1. Verbal communication, body language, mannerisms (enter rating)
      2. Was open to appropriate communication from participants (enter
      rating)
      3. Proactive management before ball was in play (enter rating)
      4. Recognized difference between frustration and dissent (enter
      rating)
      5. Showed composure in responses to match incidents (enter rating)
      6. Identified changes in game temperature and responded accordingly
      (enter rating)
   3. Game Management
      1. Injury Management (blood/head/re-entry) (enter rating)
      2. Time Management (appropriate time played/additional time/etc)
      (enter rating)
      3. Restart Management (quick and ceremonial free kicks/corner
      kicks/penalty kicks/throw in/drop ball) (enter rating)
      4. Wall management (distance of defenders and attackers/timely set
      up/instructions) (enter rating)
      5. Accurate management of substitution procedures (enter rating)
      6. Signaling according to the laws of the game (enter rating)
      7. Equipment management (jewelry, shin guards, socks, tape,
      undergarments) (enter rating)
      8. Accurate completion of administrative duties before, during, and
      after the match (enter rating)
   4. Teamwork
      1. Acknowledgment/overrule of AR assistance (offside, fouls,
      misconduct, boundary) (enter rating)
      2. Appropriate delegation of responsibilities to other crew members
      (enter rating)
      3. Effective use of eye contact, discrete signals, or electronic
      communication (enter rating)
      4. Cooperation with 4th official (fouls/misconduct, injury
      management, substitutions, team officials) (enter rating)
   5. Positioning
      1. Took positions to achieve good viewing angles (enter rating)
      2. Credible proximity to attacking play or challenges (enter rating)
      3. Recognized low/medium and high-pressure tactics and adjusted
      accordingly (enter rating)
      4. Recognized the breakdown of play and adjusted accordingly (enter
      rating)
      5. Anticipated drop zone and adjusted position accordingly (enter
      rating)
      6. Adjusted body orientation to maximized viewing angles including
      view of ARs (enter rating)
      7. Anticipation of play vs reaction to play (enter rating)
      8. Frequently scanned away from active play (enter rating)
   6. Movement
      1. Work rate matches needs of game (enter rating)
      2. Stamina levels displayed from beginning to end (enter rating)
      3. Sprinting ability and use of sprinting to stay close to play
      (enter rating)
      4. Used explosive movement, changes of pace, and changes in direction
      (enter rating)
      5. Appropriate use of backwards or lateral movements to achieve good
      viewing angles (enter rating)
      6. appropriate use of backwards or lateral movement to stay out of
      active play zones (enter rating)



--------------------



Drop-down selection for *Assistant Referee* should contain the following
options:

(not applicable/below expectation/average/above expectation/excellent)



   1. Offside (category header)
      1. Correct identification of routine offside offenses (enter rating)
      2. Correct identification of difficult offside offenses (enter rating)
      3. Appropriately gave the benefit of doubt to the attacking team
      (enter rating)
      4. Appropriate use of "wait and see" principle (enter rating)
   2. Involvement and Assistance (Category Header)
      1. Correct assistance with boundary line decisions (enter rating)
      2. Correct identification of fouls within their area of
      responsibility (enter rating)
      3. Correct identification of cautionable offenses within their area
      of responsibility (players /team officials) (enter rating)
      4. Appropriate switch of focus between offside, boundary line, and
      fouls/misconduct priorities (enter rating)
      5. Appropriate assistance within their area of responsibility
      (player/team official management/wall management/encroachment) (enter
      rating)
      6. Effective use of communication (eye contact/discreet
      signals/electronic systems) (enter rating)
      7. Appropriate participation during mass confrontations (enter rating)
      8. Appropriate flag mechanics and techniques (enter rating)
   3. Positioning (Category Header)
      1. Correct alignment with 2nd to last opponent or the ball throughout
      the match (enter rating)
      2. Credible positioning at goal line to make boundary or goal/no-goal
      decisions (enter rating)
   4. Movement (Category Header)
      1. Appropriate use of later movement (enter rating)
      2. Reading and anticipating transitions between lateral movements and
      sprinting (enter rating)
      3. Appropriate use of explosive movement and sprinting (enter rating)
      4. Work rate matches the needs of the game (enter rating)
      5. Stamina displayed from beginning to end (enter rating)


Drop-down selection for *4th Official* should contain the following options:

(not applicable/below expectation/average/above expectation/excellent)



   1. Involvement and Assistance (category header)
      1. Proactive and preventative management for situations within area
      of responsibility (enter rating)
      2. Appropriate involvement for information for fouls and misconduct
      within their area of responsibility (enter rating)
      3. Appropriate involvement and information for incidents out of view
      of the referee (enter rating)
      4. Consistent and credible recognition of warning/cautionable
      offenses for team officials (enter rating)
      5. Accurate management of substitution procedures (enter rating)
      6. Appropriate assistance with injury management (medical staff,
      blood, re-entry of players) (enter rating)
      7. Accurate completion of administrative duties before, during, and
      after the match (enter rating)
